# CallHandlingRouting

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**action** | **int** | The extension&#x27;s forwarding or overflow information. For &#x60;call_not_answered&#x60;:  * &#x60;1&#x60; — Forward to a voicemail/videomail.  * &#x60;2&#x60; - Forward to the user.  * &#x60;4&#x60; - Forward to the common area.  * &#x60;6&#x60; - Forward to the auto receptionist.  * &#x60;7&#x60; - Forward to a call queue.  * &#x60;8&#x60; - Forward to a shared line group.  * &#x60;9&#x60; - Forward to an external contact.  * &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number.  * &#x60;11&#x60; — Disconnect.  * &#x60;12&#x60; — Play a message, then disconnect.  For &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60;:  * &#x60;21&#x60; - Call waiting.  * &#x60;22&#x60; - Play a busy signal.  * &#x60;1&#x60; — Forward to a voicemail/videomail.  * &#x60;2&#x60; - Forward to the user.  * &#x60;4&#x60; - Forward to the common area.  * &#x60;6&#x60; - Forward to the auto receptionist.  * &#x60;7&#x60; - Forward to a call queue.  * &#x60;8&#x60; - Forward to a shared line group.  * &#x60;9&#x60; - Forward to an external contact.  * &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number.  * &#x60;12&#x60; — Play a message, then disconnect. | [optional] 
**forward_to** | [**CallHandlingRoutingForwardTo**](CallHandlingRoutingForwardTo.md) |  | [optional] 
**operator** | [**CallHandlingRoutingOperator**](CallHandlingRoutingOperator.md) |  | [optional] 
**connect_to_operator** | **bool** | Whether to allow callers to reach an operator. Returned only for the &#x60;user&#x60; and &#x60;call_handling&#x60; subsetting. Displayed when the &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; setting or &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; setting is set to &#x60;1&#x60; (Forward to a voicemail). | [optional] 
**allow_callers_check_voicemail** | **bool** | Whether to allow the callers to check voicemails over a phone. Returned only for the &#x60;user&#x60; and &#x60;call_handling&#x60; subsetting. Displayed when the &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; setting or &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; setting is set to &#x60;1&#x60; (Forward to a voicemail). | [optional] 
**voicemail_greeting** | [**CallHandlingRoutingVoicemailGreeting**](CallHandlingRoutingVoicemailGreeting.md) |  | [optional] 
**require_press_1_before_connecting** | **bool** | When a call is forwarded to a personal phone number, whether the user must press \&quot;1\&quot; before the call connects. This helps to ensure that missed calls do not reach to your personal voicemail. Returned for the &#x60;Forward to an external number&#x60; and &#x60;Forward to External Contacts&#x60; options. | [optional] 
**overflow_play_callee_voicemail_greeting** | **bool** | Whether to play callee&#x27;s voicemail greeting when caller reaches end of forwarding sequence. Displayed when &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; set to &#x60;2&#x60; - Forward to the user, &#x60;4&#x60; - Forward to the common area, &#x60;6&#x60; - Forward to the auto receptionist, &#x60;7&#x60; - Forward to a call queue, &#x60;8&#x60; - Forward to a shared line group, &#x60;9&#x60; - Forward to an external contact, &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 
**play_callee_voicemail_greeting** | **bool** | Whether to play callee&#x27;s voicemail greeting when caller reaches end of forwarding sequence. Displayed when &#x60;busy_routing&#x60; action or &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; set to &#x60;1&#x60; - Forward to a voicemail. | [optional] 
**busy_play_callee_voicemail_greeting** | **bool** | Whether to play callee&#x27;s voicemail greeting when caller reaches end of forwarding sequence. Displayed when &#x60;busy_routing&#x60; action set to &#x60;2&#x60; - Forward to the user, &#x60;4&#x60; - Forward to the common area, &#x60;6&#x60; - Forward to the auto receptionist, &#x60;7&#x60; - Forward to a call queue, &#x60;8&#x60; - Forward to a shared line group, &#x60;9&#x60; - Forward to an external contact, &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

