# PhoneextensionextensionIdcallHandlingsettingssettingTypeSettings1

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allow_callers_check_voicemail** | **bool** | Whether to allow the callers to check voicemails over a phone. Required only when the &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; setting is set to &#x60;1&#x60; (Forward to a voicemail). | [optional] 
**allow_members_to_reset** | **bool** | Allow queue members to set their own Business Hours. This will allow queue members&#x27; Business Hours to override the default hours of the Call Queue.  This is only required for &#x60;Call Queue custom_hours&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**audio_while_connecting_id** | **str** | The audio while connecting prompt ID. Option to select the audio played for the inbound callers when they are waiting to be routed to the next available call queue member.   Options: empty char - default and &#x60;0&#x60; - disable   This is only required for the &#x60;Call Queue&#x60; &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**call_distribution** | [**PhoneextensionextensionIdcallHandlingsettingssettingTypeSettings1CallDistribution**](PhoneextensionextensionIdcallHandlingsettingssettingTypeSettings1CallDistribution.md) |  | [optional] 
**call_forwarding_settings** | [**list[PhoneextensionextensionIdcallHandlingsettingssettingTypeSettings1CallForwardingSettings]**](PhoneextensionextensionIdcallHandlingsettingssettingTypeSettings1CallForwardingSettings.md) | The call forwarding settings. This is only required for the &#x60;call_forwarding&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**call_not_answer_action** | **int** | The action to take when a call is not answered:  * &#x60;1&#x60; — Forward to a voicemail.  * &#x60;2&#x60; — Forward to the user.  * &#x60;4&#x60; — Forward to the common area.  * &#x60;6&#x60; — Forward to the auto receptionist.  * &#x60;7&#x60; — Forward to a call queue.  * &#x60;8&#x60; — Forward to a shared line group.  * &#x60;9&#x60; — Forward to an external contact.  * &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to a phone number.  * &#x60;11&#x60; — Disconnect.  * &#x60;12&#x60; — Play a message, then disconnect.  * &#x60;13&#x60; - Forward to a message.  * &#x60;14&#x60; - Forward to an interactive voice response (IVR).   This is only required for the &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**busy_on_another_call_action** | **int** | The action to take when I&#x27;m busy on another call:  * &#x60;1&#x60; — Forward to a voicemail.  * &#x60;2&#x60; — Forward to the user.  * &#x60;4&#x60; — Forward to the common area.  * &#x60;6&#x60; — Forward to the auto receptionist.  * &#x60;7&#x60; — Forward to a call queue.  * &#x60;8&#x60; — Forward to a shared line group.  * &#x60;9&#x60; — Forward to an external contact.  * &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to a phone number.  * &#x60;12&#x60; — Play a message, then disconnect.  * &#x60;21&#x60; — Call waiting.  * &#x60;22&#x60; — Play a busy signal.   This is only required for the &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**busy_require_press_1_before_connecting** | **bool** | When one is busy on another call, the receiver needs to press 1 before connecting the call for it to be forwarded to an external contact or a number. Enable this option to ensure that forwarded calls won&#x27;t reach the voicemail box for the external contact or a number. | [optional] 
**un_answered_require_press_1_before_connecting** | **bool** | When a call goes unanswered, press 1 before connecting the call to forward to an external contact or a number. Enable this option to ensure that forwarded calls won&#x27;t reach the voicemail box for the external contact or a number. | [optional] 
**overflow_play_callee_voicemail_greeting** | **bool** | Whether to play the callee&#x27;s voicemail greeting when the caller reaches the end of forwarding sequence. Displayed when &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; set to: &#x60;2&#x60; - Forward to the user, &#x60;4&#x60; - Forward to the common area, &#x60;6&#x60; - Forward to the auto receptionist, &#x60;7&#x60; - Forward to a call queue, &#x60;8&#x60; - Forward to a shared line group, &#x60;9&#x60; - Forward to an external contact, &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 
**play_callee_voicemail_greeting** | **bool** | Whether to play callee&#x27;s voicemail greeting when caller reaches end of forwarding sequence. Displayed when &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; action or &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; set to &#x60;1&#x60; - Forward to a voicemail. | [optional] 
**busy_play_callee_voicemail_greeting** | **bool** | Whether to play callee&#x27;s voicemail greeting when caller reaches end of forwarding sequence. Displayed when &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; action set to &#x60;2&#x60; - Forward to the user, &#x60;4&#x60; - Forward to the common area, &#x60;6&#x60; - Forward to the auto receptionist, &#x60;7&#x60; - Forward to a call queue, &#x60;8&#x60; - Forward to a shared line group, &#x60;9&#x60; - Forward to an external contact, &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 
**phone_number** | **str** | The extension&#x27;s phone number or forward to an external number, in [E.164 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164) format. Required when &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; action set to &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | (optional) Forward to an external number description. Add when &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; is set to &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 
**busy_phone_number** | **str** | The extension&#x27;s phone number or Forward to an external number, in [E.164 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164) format. Set when &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; action set to &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 
**busy_description** | **str** | Forward to an external number description(optional). Set when &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; action set to &#x60;10&#x60; - Forward to an external number. | [optional] 
**connect_to_operator** | **bool** | Whether to allow callers to reach an operator. Required only when the &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; or &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; is set to &#x60;1&#x60; (Forward to a voicemail). | [optional] 
**custom_hours_settings** | [**list[PhoneextensionextensionIdcallHandlingsettingssettingTypeSettings1CustomHoursSettings]**](PhoneextensionextensionIdcallHandlingsettingssettingTypeSettings1CustomHoursSettings.md) | The custom hours settings. This is only required for the &#x60;custom_hours&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**forward_to_extension_id** | **str** | The forwarding extension ID. Required only when call_not_answer_action setting is set to 2 - Forward to the user. 4 - Forward to the common area. 6 - Forward to the auto receptionist. 7 - Forward to a call queue. 8 - Forward to a shared line group. or 9 - forward to an external contact. | [optional] 
**busy_forward_to_extension_id** | **str** | The forwarding extension ID. Required only when busy_on_another_call_action setting is set to 2 - Forward to the user. 4 - Forward to the common area. 6 - Forward to the auto receptionist. 7 - Forward to a call queue. 8 - Forward to a shared line group. or 9 - forward to an external contact. | [optional] 
**_from** | **datetime** | The holiday&#x27;s start date and time, in &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd&#x27;T&#x27;HH:mm:ss&#x27;Z&#x27;&#x60; format. This is only required for the &#x60;holiday&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**greeting_prompt_id** | **str** | The greeting audio prompt ID.   Options: empty char - default and &#x60;0&#x60; - disable   This is only required for the &#x60;Call Queue&#x60; or &#x60;Auto Receptionist&#x60; &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**holiday_id** | **str** | The holiday&#x27;s ID. This is only required for the &#x60;holiday&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**max_call_in_queue** | **int** | The maximum number of calls in queue Specify the maximum number of callers to place in the queue. When this number is exceeded, callers will be routed based on the overflow option. Up to 60.  This is only required for the &#x60;Call Queue&#x60; &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**max_wait_time** | **int** | The max wait time, in seconds, for &#x60;simultaneous&#x60; ring mode or the ring duration for each device for &#x60;sequential&#x60; ring mode:  * &#x60;10&#x60;  * &#x60;15&#x60;  * &#x60;20&#x60;  * &#x60;25&#x60;  * &#x60;30&#x60;  * &#x60;35&#x60;  * &#x60;40&#x60;  * &#x60;45&#x60;  * &#x60;50&#x60;  * &#x60;55&#x60;  * &#x60;60&#x60;   Specify how long a caller will wait in the queue. Once the wait time is exceeded, the caller will be rerouted based on the overflow option for &#x60;Call Queue&#x60;: * &#x60;10&#x60;  * &#x60;15&#x60;  * &#x60;20&#x60;  * &#x60;25&#x60;  * &#x60;30&#x60;  * &#x60;35&#x60;  * &#x60;40&#x60;  * &#x60;45&#x60;  * &#x60;50&#x60;  * &#x60;55&#x60;  * &#x60;60&#x60;  * &#x60;120&#x60;  * &#x60;180&#x60;  * &#x60;240&#x60;  * &#x60;300&#x60;  * &#x60;600&#x60;  * &#x60;900&#x60;  * &#x60;1200&#x60;  * &#x60;1500&#x60;  * &#x60;1800&#x60;    This is only required for the &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**music_on_hold_id** | **str** | The music on hold prompt ID. This is an option to choose music for inbound callers when they&#x27;re placed on hold by a call queue member.   Options: empty char - default and &#x60;0&#x60; - disable   This is only required for the &#x60;Call Queue&#x60; &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the holiday. This is only required for the &#x60;holiday&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**operator_extension_id** | **str** | The extension ID of the operator to whom the call is being forwarded. Required only when &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; is set to &#x60;1&#x60; (Forward to a voicemail) and &#x60;connect_to_operator&#x60; is set to &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] 
**receive_call** | **bool** | Receive calls while on a call. When enabled, call queue members can still receive new incoming calls notification even on the call.   This is only required for the &#x60;Call Queue call handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**require_press_1_before_connecting** | **bool** | When a call is forwarded to a personal phone number, whether the user must press \&quot;1\&quot; before the call connects. Enable this option to ensure missed calls do not reach to your personal voicemail. This is only required for the &#x60;call_forwarding&#x60; sub-setting.  Press 1 is always enabled and is required for &#x60;callQueue&#x60; type extension calls. | [optional] 
**ring_mode** | **str** | The call handling ring mode:  * &#x60;simultaneous&#x60;  * &#x60;sequential&#x60;. For user business hours, &#x60;ring_mode&#x60; need to be set with &#x60;max_wait_time&#x60;. | [optional] 
**to** | **datetime** | The holiday&#x27;s end date and time, in &#x60;yyyy-MM-dd&#x27;T&#x27;HH:mm:ss&#x27;Z&#x27;&#x60; format. This is only required for the &#x60;holiday&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**type** | **int** | The type of custom hours:  * &#x60;1&#x60; — 24 hours, 7 days a week.  * &#x60;2&#x60; — Custom hours.   This is only required for the &#x60;custom_hours&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 
**voicemail_greeting_id** | **str** | The voicemail greeting prompt ID. Required when &#x60;call_not_answer_action&#x60; or &#x60;busy_on_another_call_action&#x60; is set to &#x60;1&#x60; (Forward to a voicemail). Required only for &#x60;call_handling&#x60; subsettings of &#x60;Call Queue&#x60;, &#x60;Auto Receptionist&#x60; or &#x60;User&#x60;. | [optional] 
**wrap_up_time** | **int** | The wrap up time in seconds  Specify the duration before the next queue call is routed to a member in call queue: * &#x60;0&#x60;  * &#x60;10&#x60;  * &#x60;15&#x60;  * &#x60;20&#x60;  * &#x60;25&#x60;  * &#x60;30&#x60;  * &#x60;35&#x60;  * &#x60;40&#x60;  * &#x60;45&#x60;  * &#x60;50&#x60;  * &#x60;55&#x60;  * &#x60;60&#x60;  * &#x60;120&#x60;  * &#x60;180&#x60;  * &#x60;240&#x60;  * &#x60;300&#x60;  This is only required for the &#x60;call_handling&#x60; sub-setting. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

