# PhoneusersbatchUsers

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**email** | **str** | The user email. It ensures the users are active in your Zoom account. | 
**first_name** | **str** | The user&#x27;s first name. It ensures the users are active in your Zoom account. | [optional] 
**last_name** | **str** | The user&#x27;s last name. It ensures the users are active in your Zoom account. | [optional] 
**calling_plans** | **list[str]** | The calling plan. &lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;AU/NZ Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Australia/New Zealand Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;AU/NZ Unlimited\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Australia/New Zealand Unlimited Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;UK/Ireland Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;United Kingdom/Ireland Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;UK/Ireland Unlimited\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;United Kingdom/Ireland Unlimited Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;US/CA Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;United States/Canada Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;US/CA Unlimited\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;United States/Canada Unlimited Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Europe Zone A Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Europe Zone A Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Europe Zone A Unlimited\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Europe Zone A Unlimited Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Europe Zone B Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Europe Zone B Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Europe Zone B Unlimited\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Europe Zone B Unlimited Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;JP Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Japan Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;JP Unlimited\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Japan Unlimited Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;IN Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;India Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;IN Unlimited\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;India Unlimited Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;IN Pro\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Zoom Phone India Pro\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;IN International Calling Add-On\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;India International Calling Add-On\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Global Select Metered\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Global Select Metered Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Global Select\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Global Select Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;International Calling Add-On\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;International Calling Add-On\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Beta\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Beta Calling Plan\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Pro\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Zoom Phone Pro\&quot;.&lt;br&gt; * Type \&quot;Power Pack\&quot; if the assigned package is \&quot;Zoom Phone Power Pack\&quot;. Leave this section blank if no package has been assigned. | 
**site_code** | **str** | The site code. It&#x27;s required if the site name is not provided or if Indian plans are assigned. | [optional] 
**site_name** | **str** | The site name. It&#x27;s required if the site code is not provided or if Indian plans are assigned. | [optional] 
**template_name** | **str** | The template name. Configure the user setting according to the specified template. The template must belong to the same site as the user. | [optional] 
**extension_number** | **str** | The extension number. Do not include the site code in an extension number if the site code is enabled. | 
**phone_numbers** | **list[str]** | The phone numbers in E164 format. Separate multiple phone number entries with commas. Make sure that these numbers have been ported to your account as unassigned phone numbers. | [optional] 
**outbound_caller_id** | **str** | The outbound caller ID. Hides the caller ID if left blank. You can set an extension&#x27;s phone number or any company number as the outbound caller ID. | [optional] 
**select_outbound_caller_id** | **bool** | Whether to allow this extension to change the outbound caller ID when placing calls. | [optional] 
**sms** | **bool** | Whether to enable SMS for this user. | [optional] 
**desk_phones** | [**list[PhoneusersbatchDeskPhones]**](PhoneusersbatchDeskPhones.md) | Required: brand, model, and MAC address of each desk phone.  Optional: provision template. Skips the provision template not supported by the device. For more information, see [supported devices](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360001299063-Zoom-Voice-Supported-Devices).  Each user can be assigned up to 3 desk phones.  All users must belong to the same site if a desk phone is assigned to multiple users. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

